Update README.md (#3622)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: README.md

# Cloudflare Docs

**[View the docs →](https://developers.cloudflare.com/)**

[Contribute to the docs](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Setup

You must have [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) installed on your system and available in your `$PATH` as a global binary. Most operating systems are supported – follow the relevant [Install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing) instructions for your operating system guides to get started.

> > **Important:** This project is built with version `0.92.0+extended` and is the minimum required version. You may (probably) use a newer version of Hugo, but will be subject to any Hugo changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** This project is built with version `0.92.2+extended` but `0.92.x` is the minimum required version. You may (probably) use a newer version of Hugo, but will be subject to any Hugo changes.
```
